- [Instructor] Before we discuss microservice security,
let's talk about several security fundamentals that apply
to any system architecture.
When securing an information system,
there are three primary security objectives,
confidentiality, integrity and availability.
Confidentiality ensures that information remains private
by only allowing authorized users to access it.
Integrity ensures that information can be trusted
because it has not been tampered with.
Availability ensures that systems are accessible
and can make information available
to authorized users when they need it.
To achieve these goals,
security strategies and controls are selected
and applied to a systems architecture
to the extent they are required.
Access control is one security technique applied
to protect sensitive resources.
If you've ever taken a flight,
you've experienced two key components of access control,
authentication and authorization.
To board a flight, you must authenticate
or prove your identity
by showing your ID at the security gate.
Next, you show your boarding pass to prove you're authorized
to be on the flight.
Only after completing these two steps
will you be granted access to the airplane.
When securing information systems,
authentication is an important security control
because it establishes a user's identity
which is necessary to make an access decision.
Systems may need to authenticate both human users
and other systems,
which is accomplished through the exchange
of something you know such as a password
or something you have such as a token.
Highly sensitive systems
may apply additional security measures
like multi-factor authentication
that combines several authentication methods
such as a password and a one-time pin.
Once identity is established,
a system uses the authorization process
to control access to resources
based upon a user's privileges.
Privileges are used to determine
if users should be granted access
to the resources they requested.
Modern authorization protocols
such as OAuth permit access privileges to be delegated
by a resource owner to third parties,
allowing the third party to access resources
on behalf of a user.
Trust is another very important security concept
because it determines to what extent
something is believed to be true.
Systems must frequently decide
whether to trust various pieces of information
such as a user's identity, access privileges,
tokens and transactional business data.
This determination is made based upon factors
such as the source of the data,
it's age and the integrity checks it is undergone.
Additionally trust domains can cause one segment of a system
to trust a piece of information.
However, if that data crosses a trust boundary
to another segment of the system,
it is no longer trusted.
A system's attack surface comprises all of the paths
that can be used to get data into or out of an application.
A systems user interface, open ports, API,
and database can all present opportunities
for an attacker to compromise a system.
So they are considered part of the attack surface.
Reducing and hardening the attack surface
is an effective strategy to enhance a system security.
These security goals and concepts are universal
to any architecture,
but how we achieve or apply them
will be drastically different
from microservice architecture.
Most of the strategies used to secure a monolith
need to be re-engineered to secure a distributed system.